feat: add detect sensitive info rule (#1300)
arcjet/arcjet-js: examples/nextjs-14-app-dir-si/README.md

Reviewer: This project didn't get renamed

<a href="https://arcjet.com" target="_arcjet-home">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://arcjet.com/logo/arcjet-dark-lockup-voyage-horizontal.svg">
    <img src="https://arcjet.com/logo/arcjet-light-lockup-voyage-horizontal.svg" alt="Arcjet Logo" height="128" width="auto">
  </picture>
</a>

# Arcjet Block Sensitive Info with Next.js 14 using the App Router

> This example shows how to use Arcjet with a Next.js [route
> handler](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/route-handlers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to use Arcjet's Sensitive Info rule with a Next.js [route
handler](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/route-handlers) to catch any personally identifying information before executing your business logic.
```
Not sure how this should be worded. cc @bendechrai @davidmytton

## How to use

1. From the root of the project, install the SDK dependencies.

   ```bash
   npm ci
   ```

2. Enter this directory and install the example's dependencies.

   ```bash
   cd examples/nextjs-14-app-dir-rl
   npm ci
   ```

3. Rename `.env.local.example` to `.env.local` and add your Arcjet key.

4. Start the dev server.

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

> 5. Curl `http://localhost:3000/api/arcjet` with some data

Reviewer: Might want an example here.

> 6. If the data you sent contains any blocked types then the api will return a 400.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. If the data you sent contains any blocked types then the route will return a 400.
```
